# Easy Javascript problems for beginners 
001 A JavaScript program to display the current day and time in specific format <br/>
002 Change user input date format from dd/mm/yyyy to yyyymmdd <br/>
003 Print window content <br/>
004 A JavaScript program to get the current date and then changing format <br/>
005 Calculate area of triangle using three sides <br/>
006 A JavaScript program to determine whether a given year is a leap year <br/>
007 A JavaScript program to find whether 1st January is Sunday between 2014 and 2050 <br/>
008 A JavaScript program which checks whether user input matches with the random number generated by it <br/>
009 A JavaScript program to calculate days till next Christmas <br/>
010 Calculate multiplication and division from user input <br/>
011 A JavaScript program to convert temperatures to and from Celsius, Fahrenheit <br/>
012 A JavaScript program to create a new string adding "Py" in front of a given string. If the given string begins with "Py" then return the original string <br/>
013 A JavaScript program to remove a character at the specified position of a given string and return the new string <br/>
014 Find the longest word in string<br/>
015 Find factorial</br>
016 Convert the string's each letter to next letter and also convert every vowel in the new string to upper case<br/>
017 Find sum of the numbers upto the number given, for eg: input 5, 1+2+3+4+5=15 <br/>
018 Convert every first letter of each word in a string to upper case<br/>
019 Reverse the string<br/>
020 Check if the string consisted of +,=, letters, and numbers is true. To be true each letter must be surrounded by a + symbol<br/>
021 Return true if num2 is greater than num1, return false if vice versa. Return -1 if both are equal.<br/>
022 Convert number into hours and minutes and output as hour:minute<br/>
023 Sort string in  an alphabetical order<br/>
024 The program that performs the following routine on the number: Arrange the digits in descending order and in ascending order (adding zeroes to fit it to a 4-digit number), and subtract the smaller number from the bigger number. Then repeat the previous step. Performing this routine will always cause you to reach a fixed number: 6174. Then performing the routine on 6174 will always give you 6174 (7641 - 1467 = 6174). Your program should return the number of times this routine must be performed until 6174 is reached. For example: if num is 3524 your program should return 3 because of the following steps: (1) 5432 - 2345 = 3087, (2) 8730 - 0378 = 8352, (3) 8532 - 2358 = 6174.<br/>
025 Determine how many dots exist in a pentagonal shape around a center dot on the Nth iteration. For example, in the image below you can see that on the first iteration there is only a single dot, on the second iteration there are 6 dots, on the third there are 16 dots, and on the fourth there are 31 dots. (Refer 025.jpg) 
    Your program should return the number of dots that exist in the whole pentagon on the Nth iteration. <br/>
026 Find the number of possible moves you can make to reach from current location to destination location if you can move only up and right in 8x8 chess board. The first part of string is current location, second part is destination location <br/>
027 Find factorial using recursion<br/>
028 Find fibonacci number sequence using recursion<br/>
029 Find fibonacci number sequence using for loop<br/>

    